README.md, before:

# Angular Docker Boilerplate [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/dciccale/angular-docker-boilerplate.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/dciccale/angular-docker-boilerplate)

See deployed demo at [web-1.angular-docker-boilerplate.dciccale.cont.tutum.io](http://web-1.angular-docker-boilerplate.dciccale.cont.tutum.io)

## Installation

```bash
$ [sudo] make install
```

## Development

```bash
$ npm start
```

## Tests

```bash
$ npm test
```

## Production

```bash
$ make build
```

Generates a `dist` diretory with all the files ready to serve.

## Docker

Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/installation/#installation) and [Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/#install-compose)

Start docker and run:

```bash
$ docker-compose up
```

See [docker-compose.yml](docker-compose.yml) and [Dockerfile](Dockerfile)

Will install al dependencies, build the app for production and serve it through port 3001 mapped to
port 80.

Image at DockerHub [dciccale/angular-docker-boilerplate](https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/dciccale/angular-docker-boilerplate/)

## Continuous Integration

With [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/), see [circle.yml](circle.yml)

Build url: https://circleci.com/gh/dciccale/angular-docker-boilerplate

## Continuous Delivery

With [Tutum](https://www.tutum.co/), see [tutum.yml](tutum.yml)

See deployed node at [web-1.angular-docker-boilerplate.dciccale.cont.tutum.io](http://web-1.angular-docker-boilerplate.dciccale.cont.tutum.io)

## Coming soon

- For now it only provides a production ready docker image, I want to provide a development enviroment also.
- <strike>Also will integrate a nodejs API and link it through docker-compose and using git submodules.</strike> (in progress https://github.com/dciccale/node-api-mongo-docker)

Commit message:

fix(coverage): generate coverage for client and server code

README.md, after:

# Angular Docker Boilerplate [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/dciccale/angular-docker-boilerplate.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/dciccale/angular-docker-boilerplate)

See deployed demo at [web-1.angular-docker-boilerplate.dciccale.cont.tutum.io](http://web-1.angular-docker-boilerplate.dciccale.cont.tutum.io)

## Installation

```bash
$ [sudo] make install
```

## Development

```bash
$ npm start
```

## Tests

Run client and server tests

```bash
$ npm test
```

If you want to run the tests sepparately use:

```bash
$ gulp test-client
$ gulp test-server
```

## Coverage

Code coverage report is generated:

for client code in `coverage/client/`
for server code in `coverage/server/`

## Production

```bash
$ make build
```

Generates a `dist` diretory with all the files ready to serve.

```bash
$ node dist/sever/app.js
```

## Docker

Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/installation/#installation) and [Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/#install-compose)

Start docker and run:

```bash
$ docker-compose up
```

See [docker-compose.yml](docker-compose.yml) and [Dockerfile](Dockerfile)

Will install al dependencies, build the app for production and serve it through port 8080 mapped to
port 80.

Image at DockerHub [dciccale/angular-docker-boilerplate](https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/dciccale/angular-docker-boilerplate/)

## Continuous Integration

With [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/), see [circle.yml](circle.yml)

Build url: https://circleci.com/gh/dciccale/angular-docker-boilerplate

## Continuous Delivery

With [Tutum](https://www.tutum.co/), see [tutum.yml](tutum.yml)

See deployed node at http://web-1.angular-docker-boilerplate.dciccale.cont.tutum.io

## Coming soon

- For now it only provides a production ready docker image, I want to provide a development enviroment also.
- <strike>Also will integrate a nodejs API and link it through docker-compose and using git submodules.</strike> (in progress https://github.com/dciccale/node-api-mongo-docker)
